In the area of Manchuria, we are prepared to defend the country day and night, and we are also prepared to train.
We are prepared to defend the country day and night, and we are also prepared to train.
As with allpekom Finland, we will integrate our хл opposite, soldiers who are still active in our defense or directly apply objectives.
Without "[?]", toothpick and other
I would like to report on the situation of the military forces in the war zone.
The military forces of the war zone, which are in charge of the military,
of course, the navy, with absolute cooperation in the security of the people,
three of them have been distinctioned as dealer for the economic and economic affairs.
The bigger Midori's are trustworthy,
as is being located under the personnel management administration of the third.
König electrolysis is a historic business as an Empire.
It is a little odd to tell people that they have succeeded their?! Spin move.
However, although it is now a full-scale discipline of military tactics,
it is more and more characteristic of military tactics.
At such a time as a name for it is written hungiten notion,
military defensive tactics are strengthened like the Schengen style.
Thank you for watching!